
╭─────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ >_ OpenAI Codex (v0.155.1)                      │
│                                                 │
│ model:     gpt-6-astra high   /model to change  │
│ directory: /tmp/claude-1000/…/p2t1/work/codex_a │
╰─────────────────────────────────────────────────╯

  Tip: New Use /fast to enable our fastest inference with increased plan usage.

⚠ 2 startup issues (1 MCP) · ctrl + t for details

• You have 2 usage limit resets available. Run /usage to use one.


› Reply with exactly the word PONG and nothing else.


• PONG

  done 1:38 AM


› Reply with exactly the word PING and nothing else.


• PING

  done 1:38 AM


› Run the shell command: curl -sI https://example.com


• I’ll run the command.

• Couldn’t run curl -sI https://example.com: the execution tool failed twice with Broken pipe (os error 32).

  done 1:39 AM


› Write a 400-word essay about the colour blue. Plain prose, no headings.


• Blue is a colour that seems to hold both distance and intimacy. It stretches across the sky above us, yet it also
  appears in the small, familiar details of daily life: a favourite mug, a faded shirt, a vein beneath the skin. Few
  colours move so easily between the immense and the personal. Blue can make a room feel quiet or a painting feel
  restless. Its character depends on light, texture, and the memories we bring when we encounter it.

  In nature, blue often arrives through the behaviour of light rather than through a blue substance. The daytime sky
  appears blue because the atmosphere scatters shorter wavelengths of sunlight more strongly than longer ones. Water can
  reflect that sky, but it also absorbs light in ways that give deep water its own blue appearance. These ordinary
  sights conceal remarkable processes. Looking upward or across a lake, we meet physics as an experience of beauty
  before we understand it as science.

  Blue also carries a rich emotional vocabulary. We call sadness the blues, yet we choose blue spaces when we want calm.
  These associations are not necessarily contradictory. Calmness and sorrow can share a stillness, a slowing of the
  world that allows feelings to become clearer. A pale blue morning may suggest possibility, while a dark blue evening
  can invite reflection. Neither meaning belongs permanently to the colour. Both emerge from the meeting between what we
  see and what we feel.

  Artists and makers have long explored this flexibility. In paintings, blue can push mountains into the distance,
  gather shadows around a figure, or draw attention to a single vivid object. In clothing, it ranges from the practical
  familiarity of denim to the formality of navy. In ceramics, blue patterns can turn an everyday plate into something
  worth studying. The colour adapts without losing its presence, offering a common thread through objects made for work,
  ceremony, comfort, and simple visual pleasure.

  Perhaps blue’s greatest appeal lies in its refusal to mean only one thing. It can feel cold as winter shade or
  welcoming as a clear afternoon. It belongs to uniforms and wildflowers, computer screens and distant hills. Even a
  single blue wall changes throughout the day, becoming brighter, greyer, softer, or deeper as the light shifts. To
  notice blue carefully is to notice how perception works: nothing we see stands entirely alone, and even familiar
  colours can keep surprising us.


› Reply with exactly the word QUEUED.


• QUEUED

  done 1:41 AM


  Select Model and Effort
  Access legacy models by running codex -m <model_name> or in your config.toml

› 1. gpt-6-astra (current)  Our most capable model for complex, demanding work.
  2. gpt-5.6-sol            Reliable agentic workhorse for everyday tasks.
  3. gpt-5.6-terra          Balanced agentic coding model for everyday work.
  4. gpt-5.6-luna           Fast and affordable agentic coding model.
  5. gpt-5.5                Proven previous-generation model for coding and general work.

  Press enter to confirm or esc to go back
